###  [:house:返回](README.md)
---


## The Level of Brainwashing of Taiwanese by the Taiwan Kleptocrats Is No Less Than That of the Mainlanders
` 喜马拉雅-华盛顿DC农场` [轉載自GNews](https://gnews.org/zh-hans/2657374/)

Do you think the Americans just want to sell their weapons to Taiwan and take advantage of Taiwan? Let me tell you three numbers. It’s these traitors who make Taiwanese live in ignorance.
  
【**Miles Guo** **’** **s Broadcast Highlights**】**May 24. 2022 The Level of Brainwashing of Taiwanese by the Taiwan Kleptocrats Is No Less Than That of the Mainlanders**
 
**Miles:**
 
Come back to what Daniu said just now. The vast majority of Taiwanese thought the Americans came to Taiwan for they want to sell their weapons to Taiwan. Not only you said so, I’ve heard a lot people saying so. In Taiwan, this is the question asked by a lot of officials, intellectuals, and big cheeses: Miles, do you think the Americans just want to sell their weapons to Taiwan and take advantage of Taiwan?
 
These assholes suck. Let me tell you three numbers.
 
The weapons transaction between the USA and Taiwan, how much money every year? Daniu, do you by any chance know? It’s less than 9 billion US dollars at the peak. Go google, it’s totally from 3 to 5 billion US dollars. Taiwan spends 3 to 5 billion US dollars purchasing American weapons annually.
 
Do you know how much sales TSMC gets from the USA every year? Nearly a hundred billion US dollars, right? Can you figure out how much Taiwan exports to the USA every year? Taiwan has 1 trillion or 500 billion US dollars’ GDP. Let’s do a math, half of your GDP came from the USA.
 
Do you have any idea that the USA’s protection of Taiwan. Its military deployment around Taiwan. If letting Taiwan share the expenses, do you know how much Taiwan should pay? Let’s take the ratio that the European countries paid as a reference. To take 2% or 1% of your GDP, how much money will that be to give it to the USA?
 
How awful these Taiwanese are! Not only the mainland people are ignorant, so are the Taiwanese, even the president of the University of Taiwan and its professors think the same way. How awful it is! This attributes to those Taiwan traitors. Every day they spread these kind of rumors. The worst is Taiwanese media, such as Dongsen TV. It’s terrible! The Taiwanese have been brainwashed by these assholes for 70 years. It’s these traitors who make Taiwanese live in ignorance.
 
Let’s take a look at Fujian, the so-called Taiwanese Overseas Association (TOA). Since 1993, somebody from the TOA  made a suggestion to erase “Taiwan” from the Chinese history textbook. Erase the name of Taiwan after retrieving it, then there is only Southern Fujian, no more Taiwan. They started talking about it since 1993. Now you see, in Fujian, they established the so-called Peace Strategy Association with Taiwan and the Communication Association with Taiwan. Take a look at what their main topic is? ‘We have to consider the Hokkien culture after taking over Taiwan’ — to erase ‘Taiwan’ completely. Every year, they hold the events about the Hokkien culture, the Communication Association with Taiwan and Peace Strategy Association with Taiwan. The core is to wipe you out culturally, either dump all the Taiwanese into the sea or migrate them to Fujian. Somebody even suggested to make a manmade earthquake and sink the whole island into the sea. This is not said by Miles, you can google or do research on how many people said so.
 
You prefer that the Taiwan island sinks into the sea or under the protection of the USA’s aircraft carrier? Have you ever thought about this, you idiot? That’s why, our Whistleblower Movement in the future, under certain circumstances, we must help the Taiwanese to improve their ability to identify the truth or falseness, and let them know that the CCP is evil, and the USA is beneficent.
 
Video Clip: CG.| Subtitle: Little Bee| Translator: Zhongnianshaonv| Proofread: tonyj| Script: xtts| Editor: Valerie | Publish: Little Bee

免责声明：本文内容仅代表作者个人观点，平台不承担任何法律风险。
  
- [ROL Foundation](https://rolfoundation.org/)
- [ROL Society](https://rolsociety.org/)
- [Terms of use](https://gnews.org/terms-of-use-3/)
- [Privacy Policy](https://gnews.org/privacy-policy/)
