###  [:house:返回首頁](https://github.com/ourhimalayas/txt)
---
# 郭文貴先生視頻的文字版
轉載自[戰友之聲](http://littleantvoice.blogspot.com)

Dear Hon. Minister:





We are writing to express grave concerns over the<br>current condition of the Chen brothers (Chen Zhiheng and Chen Zhiyu), both<br>Canadian citizens, who were believed to have been abducted to China while<br>visiting Singapore.


The brothers were recently seen making public<br>confession on Chinese TV to document forgery that we believe is coerced and<br>untrue.  Based on recorded phone<br>conversations released by the billionaire political dissident Mr. Miles Kwok, and<br>certified by credited agencies within the United States government, the<br>brothers are clearly fighting for improving human-rights and democracy in<br>China.  We feel it's mostly important for<br>our government to stand strong against the brutal Chinese dictators on behalf<br>of its own citizens so to encourage activities that could bring positive<br>political changes in China.


We strongly urge our government to issue a diplomatic<br>protest against the government of China and the government of Singapore for the<br>outrageous abduction that breaks international law and demand the brothers'<br>immediate release.


In addition, we also demand our government to ensure<br>an independent and impartial inquiry into potential human rights violations<br>during the time when the brothers are in Chinese custody.





We look forward to receiving a response from you.





Yours sincerely,